# Cheer!

### Introduction
 - Original author: dalto. Syntax is updated and the logic is more compatiable in L4D2.
 - Use commands to play sounds to all players.
 - More new convars added and some was removed
 - Tranlslations added.

### Source
 - https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=59952&highlight=cheer%21

### Requirements
 - Left4DHooks
 - Custom sound files (optional)

### Related Plugins or Links
- [FastDL](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/w/index.php?title=FastDL:zh-cn&uselang=zh)
- [sm_downloader by Harry Porter](https://github.com/fbef0102/L4D1_2-Plugins/tree/master/sm_downloader)
- [L4D2 Black Screen Fix aka Delayed downloader by BHaType](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=318739)
- [EasyDownloader (V1.03, 09/12/2017) by Byte](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=292207)
<hr>

### ConVars
```
// The way to play sounds.  
// 1 = global chances is limited by cvars below,  
// 2 = global chance will regain with the time passing, which means global chance is only affected by these 3 cvars below.  
cheer_way_to_play 2

// The time to regain a chance to use command    
cheer_regain_time 20.0

// Max chance to use command. The chance will regain    
cheer_max_chance 3

// Enables the cheer  
cheer_enable 1

// Sound file directory  
cheer_sound_dir sound/nepu/cheer

// The maximum number of cheers per round. This cvar is ignored if 'cheer_way_to_play' is set to 2 or 'cheer_competitive_mode_enable' is on  
cheer_limit 10

// Cheer volume: should be a number between 0.0. and 1.0  
cheer_volume 1.0

// Enables the jeer  
jeer_enable 1

// Sound file directory  
jeer_sound_dir sound/nepu/jeer

// The maximum number of jeers per round. This cvar is ignored if 'cheer_way_to_play' is set to 2 or 'cheer_competitive_mode_enable' is on  
jeer_limit 10

// Jeer volume: should be a number between 0.0. and 1.0  
jeer_volume 1.0

// 1 to turn enable chat messages, 0 for off  
cheer_chat 1

// Enable command interval? This cvar is ignored if 'cheer_competitive_mode_enable' is enabled  
cheer_cmd_interval_enable 1

// Interval to cheer or jeer next time  
cheer_cmd_interval 3.0

// Enables the command in competitive mode when the round begins? This cvar is ignored if 'cheer_way_to_play' is set to 2  
cheer_competitive_mode_enable 0

// Enable download generated by Cheer! plugin?  
cheer_download_enable 0

<hr>

### Client Cmd
sm_cheer
sm_jeer

<hr>

### Notice
 - Both server and client must have the same file there would be a sound played.
 - Custom sound file is not a necessity. You can use the original game sound files.
 - FastDL is recommended.
 - If your server is played by only several friends just let them put the custom sound file on their client folder it would make things much easier.
 - .mp3 and .wav format is recommended. [See more information here](https://forums.alliedmods.net/archive/index.php/t-331070.html#:~:text=This%20is%20usually%20an%20error%20in%20the%20audio,to%20change%20the%20audio%20name%20and%20update%20FastDL.).
